This Website is owned and operated by Scraping Hub Limited (a company incorporated under the laws of
Ireland with registered number 492771 having its registered office at Logan & Associates, Fourth Floor
the Atrium Blackpool Retail Park, Blackpool, Co. Cork (referred to herein as "Scrapinghub").

Please read these Terms of Service (these "Terms") carefully as they contain important information
about your rights and obligations as a user of the Website (referred to herein as "you"/ "your"). If
you are entering into this Agreement as an agent, employee or representative of your employer, the
terms "you" and "your" also includes your employer and/or any other party on whose behalf you act, and
you represent and warrant on a continuous basis throughout your use of the Services that you have the
authority to act on such party's behalf. You shall procure that all Users use the Services and the
Website in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You shall be responsible for any
User's breach of this Agreement as if it was your breach of this Agreement.

These Terms shall apply to all [Services provided to you on or through the Website] [to the exclusion
of all other terms and conditions] and subject to any other rules and restrictions which are made
available to you by Scrapinghub. It is your responsibility to familiarise yourself with Scrapinghub's
terms, policies and any other rules and restrictions on each occasion you use the Services.

Scrapinghub may at any time modify this Agreement. Any such modifications will take effect immediately
when posted on this Website (see date at top). It is your responsibility to read this Agreement on each
occasion you use this Website or the Services and your continued use of this Website and the Services
(defined below) will be conditioned upon the terms and conditions in force at the time of your use.
Your [registration for], or use of, the Services shall signify your acceptance to be bound by the
latest terms of this Agreement including those related to any materials available on the Website. For
reference, a Definitions section is included at the end of these Terms. Capitalised terms not otherwise
defined herein have the meaning set forth in that section.

You acknowledge that Scrapinghub's ability to provide the Services is dependent upon your full and
timely co-operation (which you agree to provide) as well as the accuracy and completeness of any
specification, information and data that you provide to Scrapinghub. Accordingly, you shall provide
Scrapinghub with access to and use of, all information, data and documentation reasonably required by
Scrapinghub for the performance of the Services.

If any ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as
if drafted jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favouring or
disfavouring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

1. USES

1.1 You shall use the Services and the Website solely for the purposes of the extraction of data from
[publicly accessible websites ([including sites which may require a user login]). In all cases where
copyrighted data may be included as part or all of the extracted data, you shall comply with all
copyright laws and rules covering such data including (but not limited to) the reproduction and resale
of such data.

1.2 You are responsible for all activity occurring under your user account(s) and shall abide by all
applicable local, state, national and foreign laws, treaties and regulations in connection with your
use of the Services, including those related to data privacy, international communications and the
transmission of technical or personal data. You shall: (i) notify Scrapinghub immediately of any
unauthorised use of any password or account or any other known or suspected breach of security; (ii)
report to Scrapinghub immediately and stop immediately or procure the immediate stopping of any
infringement of Scrapinghub Technology and/or any copying or distribution of content or other use of
any of the Services which is contrary to applicable law, infringes any third party rights or which is
in contrary to the terms of this Agreement that is known or suspected by you or your users; and (iii)
not impersonate another Scrapinghub user or provide false identity information to gain access to or use
the Services.

1.3 You shall use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that the information transmitted to or from
Scrapinghub's servers with respect to the Services you require is secure. You shall procure that each
person having access to such servers is made aware of, and agrees in writing to apply and follow all
reasonable security and safety measures as may be specified by Scrapinghub from time to time.
Scrapinghub shall have no liability (in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence or
otherwise) for any action taken by (i) such authorised person on the assets deployed for you and (ii)
individuals who were not authorised to have access to the servers and the Services but who were able to
gain access because of your default (including disclosing of the usernames, passwords or accounts
details and other security breaches by you).

1.4 You shall not use any of the Services or this Website: (i) to generate fraudulent impressions of or
fraudulent clicks on its advertisements(s) or third-party advertisement(s) through any automated,
deceptive, fraudulent or other invalid means, including but not limited to through repeated manual
clicks, the use of robots, agents or other automated query tools and/or computer generated search
requests, and/or the unauthorised use of other search engine optimization services and/or software;
(ii) for any extraction of data which is contrary to applicable laws or third party rights (including
Intellectual Property) Rights); or (iii) to engage in any other conduct which is contrary to applicable
laws or third party rights (including Intellectual Property Rights) or which constitutes a fraudulent
business practice under any applicable laws.

1.5 Any breach of this Clause may result in immediate termination of your use of any of the Services or
this Website without notice, and may subject you to state and federal penalties and other legal
consequences.

2. LICENSE GRANT AND RESTRICTIONS

2.1 All right, title and interest (including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights) in
the Scrapinghub Materials shall vest in and remain vested in Scrapinghub and its licensors. Scrapinghub
hereby grants you a personal, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, worldwide right and license
(which you may not sub-licence) to use the Services, solely for your own internal purposes, subject to
this Agreement. All rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement are reserved by Scrapinghub
and its licensors and except to the extent expressly stated in this Agreement, you have no licence to
use any of the Scrapinghub Materials or other Intellectual Property Rights belonging to Scrapinghub or
its licensors.

3. THE WEBSITES YOU SCRAPE

3.1Scrapinghub shall have no liability (in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence or
otherwise) for any Loss suffered or incurred by you arising out of or in connection with any dispute
between you and any website which you scrape, from which you extract data or from which you copy data.
In the event of any such dispute, you release Scrapinghub (and its officers, directors, agents,
subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from any and all claims, Losses, demands and damages
(actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected,
disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.

3.2 You represent, warrant and undertake to Scrapinghub on a continuous basis throughout your use of
the Services that the [agent] you build will be used legally and ethically and that you will obtain all
permissions necessary for you to use it on the targeted data source.

3.3 Scrapinghub may immediately suspend your use of the Services if it is contacted by your chosen data
extraction source, website, target or repository and asked to cease all extraction activity.

3.4 Subject to Clause 3.8, Scrapinghub accepts no liability or responsibility for any use which may be
made by you (or any third party authorised by you) of any of the Services, nor for any reliance which
may be placed by you (or any third party authorised by you) on any of the Services, nor for advice or
information given in connection with any of the Services.

3.5 Subject to Clause 3.8, Scrapinghub's total liability in contract, tort (including, without
limitation, negligence) or otherwise arising out of or in connection with or in relation to the
Services or the supply or non-supply or purported supply or delay in supply of any Services or
otherwise out of or in connection with or in relation to this Agreement or any transaction or matter
contemplated by them shall be limited to five (5) times the total platform cost accrued by you, or any
organization created by you or , in aggregate. The limitation of Liability under this sub-clause has
effect in relation both to any liability expressly provided for under this Agreement and to any
liability arising by reason of the invalidity or unenforceability of any of this Agreement.

3.6 Subject to Clause 3.8, Scrapinghub shall not be liable in contract, tort (including without
limitation, negligence) or otherwise howsoever for any of the following losses or damage (whether or
not such loss or damage was foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of revenue; (b) loss
of actual or anticipated profits; (c) loss of contracts; (d) loss of the use of money; (e) loss of
anticipated savings; (f) loss of business; (g) loss of opportunity; (h) loss of goodwill; (i) loss of
reputation; (j) loss of, damage to or corruption of data, or (k) any indirect or consequential loss
howsoever caused (including, for the avoidance of doubt, whether such loss or damage is of a type
specified in sub-clauses (a) to (j) above) whether arising out of, or in connection with, or in
relation to any Services or the supply or non-supply or purported supply or delay in supply of any
Services or otherwise out of or in connection with or in relation to this Agreement or any transaction
or matter contemplated by any of them.

3.7 Subject to Clause 3.8, Scrapinghub does not accept, and excludes, all liability for breach of any
obligation or duty to take reasonable care or exercise reasonable skill other than any such obligation
or duty arising under this Agreement.

3.8 Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or limit Scrapinghub's liability (a) under the tort of
deceit; (b) for death or personal injury caused by any Breach of Duty; or (c) any other liability to
the extent that, under applicable law, it cannot be excluded or limited.

3.9 Scrapinghub's charges are determined on the basis of the limits of Liability set out in this Clause
3.

3.10 This Clause and Clause 4 prevails over all other provisions of this Agreement, and sets forth the
entire liability of Scrapinghub in respect of the performance, non-performance, purported performance
or delay in performance by the Scrapinghub of its obligations under this Agreement; and otherwise in
relation to this Agreement or the entering into or performance of this Agreement.

4. FORCE MAJEURE

4.1 Scrapinghub shall not be liable to you for any failure or delay in the performance of any of its
obligations [under this Agreement] which is caused by any Force Majeure. For purposes of this
Agreement, "Force Majeure" means a cause or event that is not reasonably foreseeable or not otherwise
caused by or under the reasonable control of Scrapinghub, including acts of God, fires, floods,
explosions, riots, wars, hurricane, sabotage terrorism, vandalism. accident, restraint of government,
governmental acts, injunctions, labour strikes, other like events.

4.2 If performance of a material obligation of Scrapinghub under [this Agreement] is prevented by any
such event or circumstance for a continuous period of [90] days or more, then each of you and
Scrapinghub shall be entitled, by the giving of notice in writing to the other party, immediately to
terminate [this Agreement].

4.3 Scrapinghub's non-performance of its obligations under [this Agreement] shall be excused if and to
the extent such Scrapinghub non-performance results from your failure to perform your responsibilities.

5. USER SUBMITTED DATA

5.1 The Website allows you and other Users to import, post, publish, create new applications based on,
and otherwise use data from third party websites and other sources. This data is referred to herein as
"User Content". You are exclusively responsible for User Content and the consequences of Scrapinghub or
any third party importing, posting, publishing, creating new applications based on, and otherwise using
such User Content. In connection with any such User Content, you represent, warrant and undertake on a
continuous basis throughout your use of the Services that you will own or will have all necessary
licenses, rights, consents, and permissions related to the User Content and its use by you,
Scrapinghub, and any other third party.

5.2 In connection with User Content, you further represent, warrant and undertake on a continuous basis
throughout your use of the Services that you will not: (i) submit import, post, publish, create new
applications based on or otherwise use material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or
otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you
are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner for such use of the material
and to grant Scrapinghub all of the rights and licenses granted herein; (ii) submit import, post,
publish or otherwise use falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage Scrapinghub or any third
party; (iii) submit import, post, publish, create new applications based on or otherwise use material
that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libellous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful,
racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence,
give rise to civil liability, violate any law or third party rights (including Intellectual Property
Rights) or is otherwise inappropriate; (iv) submit import, post, publish or otherwise use material that
is advertisements or solicitations of business; (v) impersonate another person ; (vi) submit import,
post, publish, create new applications based on or otherwise use material that may harass any person or
cause damage or injury to any person or property; (vii) submit import, post, publish, create new
applications based on or otherwise use material that may violate Data Protection Law, privacy rights or
promote hatred or harm; or (viii) submit import, post, publish, create new applications based on or
otherwise use material that may constitute unsolicited bulk e-mail, spam or junk.

5.3 Scrapinghub does not endorse any User Content or any data, opinion, recommendation, or advice
expressed therein, and it shall have no liability (whether in contract, tort (including without
limitation, negligence) or otherwise) arising out of or in connection with any User Content.
Scrapinghub does not currently monitor the Website or User Content but reserves the right to monitor
the Website and/or User Content at any time and without any notice being provided you].

5.4 [Scrapinghub also reserves the right to decide whether User Content is appropriate and complies
with this Agreement.

5.5 Scrapinghub may remove or choose not to publish any User Content at any time, without prior notice
and at its sole discretion.

5.6 Scrapinghub may at its sole discretion terminate your access to the Website immediately without
prior notice to you for uploading any material to the Website which is in violation of the terms of
this Agreement].

5.7 [Scrapinghub reserves the right to refuse service to anyone wishing to use the Services in an
illegal manner or any in other manner contrary to this Agreement.]

5.8 The accuracy, veracity, legality and validity of the data, materials or contents provided by you
and/or your authorised representatives and transmitted to or from Scrapinghub's servers, housed in any
of Scrapinghub's servers or in any of Scrapinghub's databases shall be your exclusive responsibility
and Scrapinghub shall have no liability in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence) or
otherwise in respect of it. You acknowledge that Scrapinghub is solely hosting data and/or information
on your and/or your authorised representative's instructions, and you shall be exclusively liable for
and shall indemnify the Indemnified Persons on demand from and against any and all Losses suffered or
incurred by any of the Indemnified Persons arising out of or in connection with any action on such
instructions and the results thereof. You shall not be liable (in contract, tort (including without
limitation, negligence or otherwise for) and you shall indemnify the Indemnified Persons on demand for
any and all Losses suffered or incurred by any of them arising out of or in connection with: (i) any
false and/or inaccurate and/or illegal data transmitted to or from the servers of Scrapinghub or housed
in any of the servers or databases of Scrapinghub, and (ii) any outcome and/or result of such
processing, transmitting to or from the servers of Scrapinghub, housed in any of the servers or
databases of Scrapinghub.

6. CUSTOMER DATA AND CONFIDENTIALITY

6.1 You shall retain all of your Intellectual Property Rights in the Customer Data. You grant
Scrapinghub a non-exclusive, royalty free, irrevocable licence to use the Customer Data for the purpose
of providing the Services. You represent, warrant and undertake on a continuous basis throughout your
use of the Services that you will have all licences, permits, authorities and consents necessary for
the use by Scrapinghub of the Customer Data for the purpose of providing the Services.

6.2 Scrapinghub may not disclose Client Data other than: (a) where necessary for the exercise of
Scrapinghub's rights, and performance of its obligations, under this Agreement; (b) to comply with law
or comply with any legal process, any order by any court or order of any governmental or regulatory
authority, (c) to protect and defend Scrapinghub's rights or the rights of customers or the rights of
third parties, or (d) to avoid liability for Scrapinghub or the liability of Scrapinghub's customers or
the rights of third parties. The obligations of Scrapinghub under this Clause shall not apply to
information which: (i) was, at the time of receipt by Scrapinghub, in the public domain; or (ii) has,
after receipt by Scrapinghub, entered the public domain, through no act or omission of Scrapinghub or
its servants, agents or contractors; or (iii) Scrapinghub can demonstrate was already lawfully in its
possession at the time of receipt, without any restrictions on its disclosure; or (d) Scrapinghub can
demonstrate, was independently developed by it or on its behalf without reference to the Customer Data
or; (e) is obtained by Scrapinghub from a third party free from any obligation of confidentiality for
your benefit.

6.3 Scrapinghub may gather and use any information describing the habits, usage patterns or
demographics relating to any Customer Data.

6.4 You, not Scrapinghub, shall have exclusive responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity,
legality, reliability, appropriateness, and intellectual property ownership or right to use of all
Customer Data, and Scrapinghub shall not be responsible for or liable (in contract, tort (including
without limitation negligence) or otherwise) for any Losses suffered or incurred arising out of or in
connection with the deletion, correction, destruction, damage, loss or failure to store any Customer
Data.

6.5 You acknowledge and agree that all other documents and information related to the development of or
contained in, any of the Services (the "Confidential Information") will constitute valuable trade
secrets of Scrapinghub. You shall keep the Confidential Information in confidence and shall not, at any
time during or after the term of this Agreement, without Scrapinghub's prior written consent, disclose
or otherwise make available to anyone, either directly or indirectly, all or any part of the
Confidential Information.

7. NO WARRANTY

7.1 The Services and all Scrapinghub Materials shall be provided to you strictly on an "as is" basis.
Scrapinghub makes or gives no representation, warranty, undertaking or guaranty as to the reliability,
timeliness, quality, suitability, truth, availability, accuracy or completeness of any of the Services
or any Scrapinghub materials. Scrapinghub does not represent, warrant, guarantee or undertake that (a)
the use of any of the Services will be secure, timely, uninterrupted or error-free or operate in
combination with any other hardware, software, system or data, (b) any of the Services will meet any of
your requirements or expectations, (c) any stored data will be accurate or reliable, (d) the quality of
any products, services, information, content or other material purchased or obtained by you through the
Services will meet any of your requirements or expectations, (e) any errors or defects will be
corrected, or (f) any of the Services or any of the server(s) that make the Services available are free
of viruses or other harmful components.

7.2 The terms of this Agreement are in lieu of all other conditions, warranties, representations and
other terms concerning the supply or purported supply of, or failure to supply or delay in supplying,
of any services which might but for this Clause have effect between Scrapinghub and you or would
otherwise be implied or incorporated into this Agreement or any collateral contract, whether by
statute, common law or otherwise (including the implied conditions, warranties or other terms as to
satisfactory quality, merchantability, fitness for purpose or as to the use of reasonable skill and
care), all of which are hereby excluded. Subject to Clause 3.8, Scrapinghub does not accept, and
excludes, all liability for breach of any obligation or duty to take reasonable care or exercise
reasonable skill other than any such obligation or duty arising under this Agreement.

8. PAYMENT

8.1 You shall pay all applicable [charges under these Terms], including any applicable taxes or charges
imposed by any government entity. [Scrapinghub may change its pricing at any time.] Each [applicable
charge] payable by you: (i) shall be paid within 15 days of the date [of each invoice]; (ii) shall be
paid in euro, US dollars, or any currency which Scrapinghub provides a written acceptance for; (iii)
shall be paid by electronic funds transfer to such bank account of Scrapinghub as it may specify in
writing to you from time to time, or in such other manner as Scrapinghub may from time to time
stipulate; (iv) is exclusive of value added tax and any other taxes or charges imposed by any
government entity and, accordingly, is to be construed as a reference to that amount plus any value
added tax and any other taxes or charges imposed by any government entity payable in respect of it; and
any such value added tax and any other taxes or charges imposed by any government entity shall be paid
by you to Scrapinghub in addition to the amount in question; (v) shall not be reduced by any right of
set-off or counterclaim, recoupment, defence or other right which you may have, whether in connection
with [any Contract] or otherwise; and (vi) be free of all withholdings of whatsoever nature except to
the extent otherwise required by law, and if any withholding is so required, you shall pay to
Scrapinghub an additional amount such that after deduction of all amounts required to be withheld, the
net amount actually received by Scrapinghub shall equal the amount which Scrapinghub would have
received if the relevant withholding had not been required. Charges shall be calculated solely based on
invoicing records maintained by Scrapinghub for purposes of billing. No other measurements or
statistics of any kind shall be accepted by you or Scrapinghub.

8.2 If you fail to pay to Scrapinghub any amount payable to it under [this Agreement] on the due date
then (i) you shall pay on demand from time to time to Scrapinghub, interest (as well after as before
any judgment) on that amount, from the due date to the date of payment in full, at the rate of two per
cent per calendar month; and (ii) Scrapinghub shall be entitled, by giving written notice to that
effect to you, to suspend the provision of the Services until payment in full has been made by you to
Scrapinghub. The rights of Scrapinghub under this Clause are in addition to its other rights under this
Agreement and otherwise. The exercise by of its rights under this Clause shall not prejudice any of its
other rights under this Agreement or otherwise, or your payment and other obligations under this
Agreement.

8.3 If you dispute any portion of an invoice in good faith you shall notify Scrapinghub in writing of
the amount in the dispute and the basis of such dispute within 15 days of the date of such invoice and
shall pay the undisputed portion of such invoice in accordance with this Clause (if applicable). Your
failure to so notify Scrapinghub shall constitute a waiver by you of any right which you may otherwise
have to dispute any portion of such invoice.

9. REFUNDS

You can request a refund for any Service within 14 days of purchase provided that you have not started
using that Service.

10. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

You represent, warrant and undertake on a continuous basis throughout your use of the Services that all
of the information provided by you to Scrapinghub to use the Services will be correct and current and
that that you will not falsely identified yourself or provide any false information to gain access to
the Services and that all billing information provided by you will be correct.

11. INDEMNIFICATION

You shall indemnify the Indemnified Persons on demand from and against any Losses which may be suffered
or incurred by any of them arising out of or in connection with any of: (i) your use of the Services;
or (ii) your breach of any of the terms of this Agreement.

12. TERM AND TERMINATION

12.1 [This Agreement] shall come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and
effect for a period up to and including 12 months after the end of user's active lifetime on
Scrapinghub's platform, subject to early termination pursuant to Clauses 4.2, 12.2 or 12.3.

12.2 This Agreement may be terminated by Scrapinghub, by the giving of not less than 3 days' notice in
writing to that effect to you.

12.3 Either Party (each a "terminating party") may terminate [this Agreement] forthwith upon written
notice to the other Party (a "defaulting party") to that effect if and Event of Default occurs in
relation to the defaulting party concerned. Each of the following shall be an Event of Default with
regard to the defaulting party concerned: (a) the defaulting party commits a breach of its obligations
under [this Agreement] which breach is (in the reasonable opinion of the terminating party) material
and, where such breach is (in the reasonable opinion of the terminating party) capable of remedy, fails
to remedy that breach within 14 days of having been given notice by the terminating party to remedy
that breach; or (b) the defaulting party is, or is deemed for the purposes of any relevant law to be,
unable to pay its debts as they fall due or to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as
they fall due; or the defaulting party suspends making payments on all or any class of its debts or
announces an intention to do so, or a moratorium is declared in respect of any of its indebtedness; or
(c) any step (including the making of any proposal, the convening of any meeting, the passing of any
resolution, the presenting of any petition or the making of any order) is taken with a view to a
composition, assignment or arrangement with any creditors of, or the winding up, liquidation or
dissolution of, the defaulting party; any liquidator, provisional liquidator, receiver or examiner is
appointed to or in respect of the defaulting party or any of its assets or anything analogous to any of
the foregoing under the law of any jurisdiction occurs in relation to the defaulting party; or (d) in
your case only, you fail to pay any amount due from you under [this Agreement] within five business
days of the due date; or (e) in your case only, you breach any provision of Clause 1 or Clause 5.

12.4 The termination of any of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to the rights of each of the
parties accrued up to the effective date of termination.

12.5 The provisions of the Background section and Clauses 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 11, 14, to the extent
applicable, Clause 13 and this Clause 12 shall survive any of the termination this [Agreement] however
it arises, and shall continue to bind the parties or the relevant party (as applicable) and shall
continue in full force and effect in accordance with their respective provisions subject to any
applicable statute of limitation periods.

12.6 Upon the termination of [this Agreement] for any reason, you shall: (a) promptly deliver to
Scrapinghub or, at Scrapinghub's option, destroy all Confidential Information and Scrapinghub Materials
(including all copies thereof) in your possession or control; and (b) deliver up all Scrapinghub
property, equipment or materials in its possession or under you control and all licences granted by
Scrapinghub to you shall terminate immediately.

13. MISCELLANEOUS

13.1 Governing Law and Jurisdiction

(a) This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Ireland. (b) This Clause 13.1(b) is for
the benefit of Scrapinghub only. The Irish courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any
dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising
out of or in connection with this Agreement and the Parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Irish courts for that purpose. Nothing in this clause limits the right of Scrapinghub to bring
proceedings against you arising out of or in connection with this Agreement: (i) in any other court of
competent jurisdiction; or (ii) concurrently in more than one court of competent jurisdiction. (c) The
Parties waive any objection to the Irish courts on grounds that they are an inconvenient or
inappropriate forum to settle any such dispute. (d) Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any
legal action or proceeding arising, directly or indirectly, out of or relating to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated by it and for any counterclaim therein (in each case whether based on
contract, tort or any other theory and whether predicated on common law, statute or otherwise). Each
Party: (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of the other party has represented,
expressly or otherwise, that such other Party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce
the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced to enter into
this agreement by, amongst other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Clause 13.1.

13.2 Notices

Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, any notices shall be sent to (a) in the case of
Scrapinghub: c/o Scrapinghub Limited. Fourth Floor The Atrium Blackpool Retail Park, Blackpool,
Co.Cork; and (b) in your case, to the address then on record with Scrapinghub for your account. Notice
shall be given via (x) confirmed facsimile, with a copy sent via post; or (y) overnight courier, and
such notice shall be deemed given upon receipt.

13.3 Waiver

The waiver by either Party of any breach or failure to enforce any of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement at any time shall not in any way affect, limit, or waive such Party’s right thereafter to
enforce and compel strict compliance with every term and condition of this Agreement.

13.4 Severability

If the whole or any part of a provision of this Agreement is or becomes illegal, invalid or
unenforceable, that will not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of the
provision in question or any other provision of this Agreement. In relation to any illegal, invalid or
unenforceable part of this Agreement, the Parties agree to amend such part in such manner as may be
requested from time to time by any of the Parties provided that such proposed amendment is legal, valid
and enforceable and to the maximum extent possible carries out the original intent of the Parties in
relation to that part.

13.5 Assignment

You may not sell, assign, or transfer any of your rights or obligations hereunder without the prior
written consent of Scrapinghub. Any purported assignment or transfer in breach of this Clause shall be
void. This Agreement shall be construed as if both parties jointly wrote it.

13.6 Language

This Agreement is made only in the English language. If there is any conflict in meaning between the
English language version of this Agreement and any version or translation of this Agreement in any
other language, the English language version shall prevail. Each document and communication referred to
in this agreement or to be delivered under it shall be in the English language or, if not, accompanied
by an English translation of it, certified as accurate by an officer of the party issuing that document
or communication; and in the case of conflict between English language version and any other version,
English language version shall prevail.

14. DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement:

"Agreement" means these Terms and any materials available on the Scrapinghub website specifically
incorporated by reference herein, as such materials, including these Terms, may be updated by
Scrapinghub from time to time in its sole discretion; "Breach of Duty" means the breach of any
obligation or duty to take reasonable care or exercise reasonable skill which arises from the express
or implied terms of a contract or under common law (but not any stricter duty); "Customer Data" means
any data, information or material provided or submitted by you to the Services in the course of using
the Services; "Data Protection Acts" means the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 of Ireland; "Data
Protection Law" means all legislation and regulations relating to the protection of personal data
including (without limitation) the Data Protection Acts and all other industry guidelines (whether
statutory or non-statutory) or codes of practice or guidance issued by the Data Protection Commissioner
relating to the processing of personal data or privacy or any amendments and re-enactments thereof;
"Effective Date" means the earlier of either the date this Agreement is accepted by selecting the "I
Accept" option presented on the screen after this Agreement is displayed or the date you begin using
the Services.  "Indemnified Persons" means Scrapinghub, its agents, affiliates, subsidiaries,
directors, officers, employees, and applicable third parties (including without limitation all
partner(s), licensors, licensees, consultants and contractors of Scrapinghub; "Intellectual Property
Rights" includes any patent, trade or other mark, registered design, topography right, copyright,
database right or any other right in the nature of any of the foregoing (or application, or right to
apply for, any of the foregoing), and trade or business name, invention, discovery, improvement,
design, technique, confidential process or information or know how, in each case subsisting anywhere in
the world and whether registered, unregistered or unregisterable, and any licence or right of user of
any of the foregoing , and the full right to all legal protection relating to the same; "Liability"
means liability for breach of contract, Breach of Duty, misrepresentation, restitution or any other
cause of action whatsoever relating to or arising under or in connection with this Agreement, including
liability expressly provided for under this agreement or arising by reason of the invalidity or
unenforceability of any term of this Agreement (and for the purposes of this definition, all references
to ‘this Agreement’ shall be deemed to include any collateral contract); "Loss" includes any demand,
claim, proceeding, suit, judgement, loss, liability, cost, expense, fee, damages, settlement amount,
penalty or fine; "Parties" means you and Scrapinghub and each a "Party" "Scrapinghub Materials" means
the text, images, other components, technology (including software, hardware, products, processes,
algorithms, user interfaces, know-how, techniques, designs and other tangible or intangible technical
material or information), tools and applications made available to you by Scrapinghub in providing the
Services; "Scrapinghub Technology" means all of Scrapinghub's proprietary technology (including
software, hardware, products, processes, algorithms, user interfaces, know-how, techniques, designs and
other tangible or intangible technical material or information) made available to you by Scrapinghub in
providing the Services; "Services" means technologies, tools, applications, and products made available
from time to time on the Website;] "User(s)" means you or your representatives, consultants,
contractors or agents who are authorised to use the Services and have been supplied user
identifications and passwords by you (or by Scrapinghub at your request).
